DevOps Engineer
Run Happpy Agent
Apply
locations
Chennai
Remote India
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Today
job requisition id
R-100520
Job Description:

What You Will Do

Create cloud infrastructure in AWS & Kubernetes via automation using IaC such as Terraform, Helm, Github Actions and Spacelift.
Create and deploy effective observability and monitoring solutions via automation using Monitoring as Code (MaC) such as Terraform, Grafana, and Sumologic.
Design, develop, and maintain CI/CD pipelines to automate build, test, and deployment processes, utilizing tools such as GitHub Actions and Azure DevOps.
Collaborate with engineering teams to diagnose, troubleshoot, and deliver innovative solutions to critical production issues, ensuring the reliability and performance of customer-facing systems.
Work with your colleagues and other engineering teams to propose and implement enhancements that improve scalability, reliability, and developer workflows to internal and/or production infrastructure.
Use your Platform Engineering/DevOps/SRE experience to prevent incidents from ever happening
Identify operational processes suitable for automation and drive the implementation of solutions.
Carry personal responsibility for high-quality changes to a live production infrastructure.
Create estimates and work plans, then deliver according to those plans in an agile manner.
Be part of an on-call rotation; occasionally participate during, or outside of, working hours in incident resolution as a subject matter expert.
Occasionally carry out changes outside of normal working hours.
Must Have Skills / Experience

Minimum 3 years’ experience of building secure, cloud-native applications using AWS managed services.
Ability to design, implement, and operate automated deployment pipelines suitable for production environments, ensuring reliability and scalability within an Agile framework.
Development experience of creating complex AWS services using Terraform and automation pipelines.
Development experience of creating Kubernetes resources.
Scripting experience in Python, Bash, and/or PowerShell.
Linux or windows systems administration.
Demonstrable experience of delivering modern DevOps practices for the full development lifecycle.
Additional skills and experience

Redhat OpenShift (OCP) experience, either on-prem or in cloud.
Experience with multiple cloud vendors (AWS, Azure, Google) is a plus.
Effective communication in a variety of settings: one on one, small and large groups.
Adapts approach and demeanour to match the demands of the situation.
Experience of working as part of a global organization with engineering teams across multiple time-zones and cultures.
A passion for keeping pace with industry trends, technologies, and their appropriate implementation.
Fluent in the English language.
Kaleris is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
