Precisely International Jobs Logo
Back to jobs
Business Development Representative
United Kingdom
Application and Interview Impersonation Notice:  Impersonating another individual when applying for employment, and/or participating in an interview process to assist another individual in obtaining employment, with Precisely Software Incorporated (“Precisely”) is unlawful.  If Precisely identifies such fraudulent conduct, then as applicable and to the extent permitted by law, the application will be rejected, an offer (if made) will be rescinded, or the employment will be terminated, and legal action may be taken against the impersonators.

Precisely is the leader in data integrity. We empower businesses to make more confident decisions based on trusted data through a unique combination of software, data enrichment products and strategic services. What does this mean to you? For starters, it means joining a company focused on delivering outstanding innovation and support that helps customers increase revenue, lower costs and reduce risk. In fact, Precisely powers better decisions for more than 12,000 global organizations, including 95 of the Fortune 100. Precisely's 2500 employees are unified by four company core values that are central to who we are and how we operate: Openness, Determination, Individuality, and Collaboration. We are committed to career development for our employees and offer opportunities for growth, learning and building community. With a "work from anywhere" culture, we celebrate diversity in a distributed environment with a presence in 30 countries as well as 20 offices in over 5 continents. Learn more about why it's an exciting time to join Precisely!

Precisely is an AI-first organization. All employees are expected to demonstrate proficiency in applying AI tools to accelerate their work, improve output quality, and eliminate low-value tasks. Candidates should be comfortable using generative AI tools (e.g., Microsoft Copilot, ChatGPT) in their day-to-day workflows, able to evaluate AI-generated outputs critically, and open to continuously adopting new AI capabilities as they emerge.

Overview:

The Business Development Representative (BDR) identifies and engages new prospects and existing accounts to introduce Precisely’s products and services. Key duties include outbound calls, emails, participating in demos, and setting up meetings with Account Executives. The role is responsible for lead follow-up, as well as planning and executing outbound cross- and up-sell campaigns for current customers.

What you will do: 

Outbound Business Development

Conduct Outbound Strategic Business Development to find new potential customers and set up initial meetings for our sales team (Account Executives) to pursue. You'll work closely with those Account Executives to create these qualified opportunities.
Inbound Business Development

Conduct Strategic Business Development as part of follow-up with customers and prospects who have responded to our Marketing Activities (Events & Tradeshows, Webinars, Ads, Collateral on our website, etc.) with the objective of creating qualified opportunities for the sales team. This will often be associated with setting up an initial meeting between the prospect and the assigned Account Executive.
All Business Development

Work with Product Marketing, Pre-Sales and Sales teams to become knowledgeable in Precisely’s products and services such that the Associate BDR can effectively and persuasively target the value proposition of products and services to specified pain points for the right buyer profile and to communicate our products’ differentiation clearly and compellingly that drives interest and results in qualified leads/initial meetings. This includes mastering product training as well as sales plays.
Perform contact discovery where necessary as part of the Business Development process to target Business Development efforts more effectively (i.e. – prospect identification and discovery of contact information)
Ability to source contacts using various Prospecting Platforms such as, but not limited to, ZoomInfo or Wiza, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Outreach, etc.
Maintain daily activities in Salesforce CRM and Outreach, tracking interactions with prospects, partners, and customers.
Provide weekly/monthly updates to manager on individual activity.
Interact regularly with all areas of Marketing and Sales, including Operations team, to discuss the lead qualification process, and recommend improvements.
Work closely with the Marketing team in developing new ways to increase awareness of Precisely’s products and services.
What we are looking for:

Bachelor’s or Associate’s Degree, or equivalent level of education
Bilingual proficiency in English and French or English and German is highly preferred.
Process Driven
Goal-oriented, highly confident, self-motivated
Organizational Skills
Communication Skills
Active Listening
Collaboration and Teamwork
Adaptability and Coachability
Prior business development experience
AI Fluent
Motivated to build quality pipeline
Looking to make a meaningful impact on the business
Prospecting Skills
Strong telephone (cold calling) & outbound emailing
Technology Driven (Tools)
Ability to work in a hybrid model from the London area
#LI-ZB1

The personal data that you provide as a part of this job application will be handled in accordance with relevant laws. For more information about how Precisely handles the personal data of job applicants, please see the Precisely Candidate Privacy Notice

Create a Job Alert

Interested in building your career at Precisely International Jobs? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email.

Create alert
Apply for this job
*

indicates a required field

First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone
Country*

Phone*
Location (City)*
Locate me
Resume/CV*
AttachNo file chosen
Enter manually
Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf

Education

School
Select...

Degree
Select...

Discipline
Select...

Start date month
Select...

Start date year
End date month
Select...

End date year
Add another
LinkedIn Profile*
Are you 18 years or older?*
Select...

Are you legally authorized to work in the country in which you're applying for?*
Select...

Do you now, or will you in the future, require a visa or any type of immigration sponsorship for work authorization in the country you are working from (e.g., H-1B, OPT, F1, dependent visa)? (if hired, verification will be required consistent with federal law.)*
Select...

If you answered yes to the above question, you have now or will require future immigration sponsorship, please state the type visa or sponsorship you have now or will require along with the expiration date of current status.
Preferred name
Do you have any relatives employed by this organization?*
Select...

If you answered yes to having a relative/relatives that currently work at Precisely at the time of applying, please list their name/names and relationship.
How did you hear about us?*
Select...

Have you ever been employed at Precisely?*
Select...

What is the notice period you need to give to your current organization if offered a position at Precisely?*
Select...

Precisely is empowering every employee with AI to unlock new ways of working, learning, and innovating. This question is to help us understand the extent of your knowledge and use with AI tools in your current job. Please select one of the below that best describes you. *
Select...

If you answered extensively or moderately to the above question, please list the AI tools you use and briefly describe how you use them in your work.
Based on your experience and the responsibilities of this role, what base salary range in local currency are you looking for? (please do not enter zero)*
Have you held a job of some form for a minimum of 12 months?*
Select...

Do you have prior experience in sales and/or customer-facing roles? *
Select...

Do you have a desire to progress to a go-to-market career path?*
Do you have a two-year associate’s degree or a four-year bachelor’s degree? If not, are you currently pursuing either?*
Precisely Demographic Questions
We are required to compile the following information for statistical purposes in order to comply with certain federal regulations relating to Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action requirements. The information you provide is strictly on a voluntary basis, and the content of the information will not affect your eligibility for employment. Likewise, if you choose not to provide this information it will not affect your eligibility for employment in any way.

Ethnic Identity*
Select...

Do you think of yourself as:*
Select...


By checking this box, I consent to Precisely International Jobs collecting, storing, and processing my responses to the demographic data surveys above.*
Precisely uses Greenhouse’s AI-powered Talent Matching feature to assist recruiters in reviewing applications against the skills and experience required for the role. We compare your application against our job requirements which is AI-enabled technology to support parts of our recruitment process. We are committed to transparency about how this technology is used and your rights.





Learn more
