Member of Technical Staff, Backend - Portworx Enterprise
Bangalore, India
Run Happpy Agent
We’re in an unbelievably exciting area of tech and are fundamentally reshaping the data storage industry. Here, you lead with innovative thinking, grow along with us, and join the smartest team in the industry.

This type of work—work that changes the world—is what the tech industry was founded on. So, if you're ready to seize the endless opportunities and leave your mark, come join us.

THE ROLE

You will join the Portworx team in Everpure, which is responsible for delivering the highest quality Portworx Enterprise products. You will be contributing clean & robust code, be customer oriented and put quality first.

WHAT YOU'LL DO

Designing and developing cloud native microservices and integrating new features to Portworx products
Bringing a focus on design, development, unit/functional testing, code reviews, documentation, continuous integration and continuous deployment
Debug product and performance issues in large scale clusters using AI tooling
Collaborating with peers and stake-holders to take solutions from initial design to production
Take full ownership of design and development activity by adapting to customer feedback and handling issues found in unit testing, system testing and customer deployments
Experimenting with new technologies in order to push the state-of-the-art and innovate new solutions.
We are primarily an in-office environment and therefore, you will be expected to work from the {{OFFICE_LOCATION}} office in compliance with Everpure's policies, unless you are on PTO, or work travel, or other approved leave.
WHAT YOU BRING

BS in Computer Science
4+ years of experience in Designing, Development and Testing of Enterprise products (Golang preferred).
Good understanding of Microservice Architectures and Cloud Native platforms
Designing and owning micro services to operate and scale in a distributed system architecture that scales to thousands of nodes
Expert debugging skills and ability to navigate through ambiguous problems at scale in public/private cloud environments.
Experience working with multiple stakeholders (internal and external) from product management to customer beta partners in designing highly scalable and production quality software
Proven design sensibility and the willingness to work in a collaborative, team oriented environment.
Solid CS background in data structures, algorithms and software design.
Must be willing and able to work in an open office environment.
#LI-ONSITE

#LI-KT7
WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT FROM US:

Innovation: We celebrate those who think critically, like a challenge, and aspire to be trailblazers.
Growth: We give you the space and support to grow along with us and to contribute to something meaningful. We have been named Fortune's Best Workplaces in Technology™, Fortune's Best Workplaces in the Bay Area™, and certified as a Great Place to Work®!
Team: We build each other up and set aside ego for the greater good.
And because we understand the value of bringing your full and best self to work, we offer a variety of perks to manage a healthy balance, including flexible time off, wellness resources, and company-sponsored team events. Check out purebenefits.com for more information.

ACCOMMODATIONS AND ACCESSIBILITY:

Candidates with disabilities may request accommodations for all aspects of our hiring process. For more on this, contact us at TA-Ops@purestorage.com if you’re invited to an interview.

OUR COMMITMENT TO A STRONG AND INCLUSIVE TEAM:

We’re forging a future where everyone finds their rightful place and where every voice matters. Where uniqueness isn’t just accepted but embraced. That’s why we are committed to fostering the growth and development of every person, cultivating a sense of community through our Employee Resource Groups and advocating for inclusive leadership.

Everpure is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or any other characteristic legally protected by the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are being considered for hire.

Join us and bring your best.

Bring your bold.

Pure and simple.
